Daughter, you invited me to join Lao Zhidong
I don't remember now.
If you let me go now, don't bother me
I'll let him go
It's the other way around.
What dog are you?
You are about to make such a mistake
I beg you
Please let me go
If I don't promise you
I beg you.
Don't promise grandpa deer
I am the only winter seedling in the winter vacation
If you kill me
My dad won't let you go
We're gonna be a family
It doesn't have to be like this
If your dad is looking for my room
I'll ask your dad to disappear together
Our Han Family
After all, it is also the day to go from death to home
Are you really not afraid?
In my eyes
The four major families in Yingcheng, please be like ants
Not worth mentioning at all
Then why did you pass the pastoral meeting?
Enter my Han house
That's my business.
I don't need you to live for me
If you still want to live
Quickly untie my sister and fiancee
brother
Yeah.
Go ahead.
How do you want to die?